[DOCS-12615] Data Observability reorg (#33006)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/data_observability/integrations/warehouse/databricks.md

Use the full catalog access option for simpler setup. It automatically includes future tables without needing to update permissions.

```sql
GRANT USE_CATALOG ON CATALOG <catalog_name> TO `<application_id>`;
GRANT USE_SCHEMA ON CATALOG <catalog_name> TO `<application_id>`;
GRANT SELECT ON CATALOG <catalog_name> TO `<application_id>`;
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Specific tables" %}}

Use the specific tables option for least-privilege access or if you only need to monitor a subset of your data. You must update permissions when adding new tables.

```sql
GRANT USE_CATALOG ON CATALOG <catalog_name> TO `<application_id>`;
GRANT USE_SCHEMA ON SCHEMA <catalog_name>.<schema_name> TO `<application_id>`;
GRANT SELECT ON TABLE <catalog_name>.<schema_name>.<table_name> TO `<application_id>`;
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

These permissions are needed for the following reasons:

- `GRANT USE_CATALOG` is required to navigate into the catalog and discover schemas.
- `GRANT USE_SCHEMA` is required to enumerate tables and monitor schema-level health.
- `GRANT SELECT` is required for data quality monitoring, such as custom SQL or distribution checks.

## Next steps

> After you save, Datadog begins syncing your metadata and query history in the background. Initial syncs can take several hours depending on the size of your Databricks deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you configure the integration, Datadog begins syncing your metadata and query history in the background. Initial syncs can take several hours depending on the size of your Databricks deployment.
```
